{
  "reports": "reports",
  "query": "Please provide a detailed report about the accident involving an automated vehicle based on the following queries (no extra new line, no need to repeat questions): \nQ1. Describe the accident: Was the automated vehicle guilty? (Yes/No) \nQ2. Involved parties(Who): If multiple vehicles were involved, what is the year, brand, and model of each involved vehicle? Was the autonomous vehicle in autonomous or conventional mode? If only one vehicle was involved, who was the other involved road user? \nQ3. Accident location details(Where): What is the address of the location where the accident happened (zip code, county, city, and street name(s))? Is the street a one-way or two-way street? How many lanes? What is the average lane width? Is it an urban or rural street? Can you provide the coordinates of the accident location on Google Maps? \nQ4. Time and environmental conditions(When): When did the accident happen? Provide year, month, day, weekday, am/pm, and exact time. What were the weather, lighting conditions, road surface, and road conditions at the time of the accident? \nQ5. Accident damage and consequences(What): What type of collision(s) occurred? What was the vehicle damage, and what areas of the autonomous vehicle and other vehicle(s) (if applicable) were damaged? Were there any injuries, deaths, or property damage to drivers, passengers, or other road users? Was law enforcement or medical care called to the scene? \nQ6. Responsibility and contributing factors(Why): Why is the autonomous vehicle or the other road user responsible for the accident? What other associated factors contributed to the accident? \nQ7. Traffic and vehicle behavior(How): How was the traffic at the time of the accident? Were the involved vehicles moving or stopped in traffic? Were they in the same or different lanes? Were they moving in the same direction? What was the autonomous vehicle doing before the accident, and what was the other road user doing? What was the movement preceding the collision for the involved vehicle(s)?",
  "plotly_template": "plotly_dark"
}
